README.md, before:

# About
I want to have a central place to share the algorithms I use for speedcolving the Rubik's Cube.

# Goals for this Project
Be able to have an algsheet with inline visualizations, have it be data driven so its easy to modify, and have it be able to be shipped as a Progressive web app so it has the offline power of a PDF.

[Link to my current algsheet which I put a lot of effort into so tbh idk why i decided to redo it as a website](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1L0iR5AyRh2sTWymHSD2MiTJXzl8IoxGzyuRgqEhttSs/edit#gid=1313953242)

# Development

## Stack

Astro, Tailwind, Svelte

## Todo

- make some flag to bypass algvis or us a different alg than display? maybe a shorthand?
(ex. where I say fruruf [ZBLL] or the pll parity cases like [J PERM] [PARITY])
- add comments to format
- allow algs/set to show up in a set order and mix up algs/sets?
- come up with / implement a good system for local images
- option to invert an alg to show the right handed version (change name too?)
- maintain collapsed / selected algs in localstorage
- TRY to make PWA
- back button
- link to twizzle? link to trainer once thats set up?
- add OLL, EG/CLL, ZBLL, Parity OLL/PLL



## Get Started

```
pnpm i

astro run dev
```




Powered by [Astro 🚀](https://astro.build)

Commit message:

add ZBLL algs from spreadsheet, styling changes

README.md, after:

# About
I want to have a central place to share the algorithms I use for speedcolving the Rubik's Cube.

# Goals for this Project
Be able to have an algsheet with inline visualizations, have it be data driven so its easy to modify, and have it be able to be shipped as a Progressive web app so it has the offline power of a PDF.

[Link to my current algsheet which I put a lot of effort into so tbh idk why i decided to redo it as a website](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1L0iR5AyRh2sTWymHSD2MiTJXzl8IoxGzyuRgqEhttSs/edit#gid=1313953242)

# Development

## Stack

Astro, Tailwind, Svelte

## Todo (roughly in order)

- get algsets from your sheet when applicable (OLL, EG/CLL)
- learn tailwind better + migrate loose CSS to tailwind + setup theming
- make verticalLayout an astro component (and fetch data from there instead of from the page)
- restructure layouts to be astro (vertlayout, setcard) for better load times (if not working, try flow integration)
- create gridlayout
- add an info component to tell ppl that they can click the image to get an algvis
- come up with / implement a good system for local images
- cache VC results
- image, serviceworker and prefetch astro integrations (PWA / Load Optimization)
- maintain collapsed / selected algs in localstorage
- allow algs/set to show up in a set order and mix up algs/sets?
- option to invert an alg to show the right handed version (change name? EDIT - or just style the component to show that its inverted)
- link to twizzle? link to trainer once thats set up?
- TRY to make PWA
- make some flag to bypass algvis or us a different alg than display? maybe a shorthand?
(ex. where I say fruruf [ZBLL] or the pll parity cases like [J PERM] [PARITY])
- add Parity OLL/PLL



## Get Started

```
pnpm i

astro run dev
```




Powered by [Astro 🚀](https://astro.build)
